h a psychot [Music]
TR High purple she work you high
purple high purple high Purple Med she work you high
purple hot purple hot purple making pale Deuces
they pending Doom it was curses all over but the crying all that [__] they
was trying at the gates of Babylon money changers flipping tables rearrangers hot
purple slangers media Shield work you it's a banger smile away from the tree
line the man of rain riding into the sunset Madia Dragon Venom jeweling the
Lotus amethyst serpent the need for anti venom is urgent Athena work it see shell
purple dialectric waterf flow Castle Franco Vampirella bellima the dope is
hot purple media she will work you the circuit is an anal Lima to F the boss
heliocentric Cult of the crow Athena run the sky for the
Mio try a little bit of death of a cush on a trail head full of zombies a
original sources ionic Omni High purple work you high
purple high purple high Purple Med she work you
H welcome back to Lady Babylon initiating apocalypse I want to say
thank you to Teddy base thank you teddy Bas for working Us in always love it
always love it Fant fantastic I want to take you somewhere tonight look don't
send me a bunch of notes about this it's not up to me devil told me you got to
take them back to Eden I was like we're going back again one more
time he's got this Fascination and to be quite honest we all know know what it is
we all know what it is what I'm about to take you to is a party now we are all going to be in suits of
invisibility isn't that nice so we can wander and watch and
witness that is the power of our christing are you ready for this tonight
are you ready oh my goodness oh my goodness it okay now I want to start off
I want to start off with just a little bit of hoo-ha I appreciate the fact I
appreciate the fact that you allow me to do this and take a little bit of Liberty every once in a
while I just want to say if we're going back to Eden we're GNA have to drive
through all of those Scholars all of those
merchandisers all of those people trying to tell you and sell
you we have to drive through them again and the biggest group of those is
in the first century BC first century anod Dominy second century anod Dominy
we're going to hit that crowd in the spaceship on the way there has anybody ever noticed as we're going through the past every once in a while we run
somebody over yeah well tonight it's them from the guys at kumran feverishly
copying the Greek into Hebrew from those guys all the way up to the modern
sitting at their desks at the seminaries head of Greek Dallas
Theological Seminary is afraid to tell me what a Christ is isn't
that amazing every other time in place they want to tell you what a Christ
is for some reason now nobody wants to tell me what a Christ is uh tonight's
party is is three it's a party for three now don't get dirty don't get dirty
because the three that we are talking about are going to have a
complex interaction in the mystery right come on put your put your mystery cap
back on right we're here did you bring it fantastic okay I want to make sure
that you get the goods and the real so I'm going to bring you that mystery and the way to do it you're going to like
this congregation the way that you do it is by playing Genesis
backwards okay all right all right I told you he would lose it I told you he
would lose it no no no no we're performing a reverse linguistic
analysis of E we're going to go to the actual text you
think you've heard the story you haven't you have heard a third grade
level terrible translation of the original and we have the original the
rocks are you ready are you ready and I'm going to take you back you're going to be so happy when you
see them you're going to be so happy who are we talking about here who are we
talking about we're talking about the devil who don't forget before we get
into the text don't forget is the most
handsome of all of all do you understand this guy is a
Donis he's one of our triangle another
mother is a woman who cries aa aa woman who cries the bucket
cry she's number two she's there in this triangle and who else is there no no
don't Boo don't Boo for Adam don't Boo for Adam just get him up here he's yeah
yeah yeah you are Untouchable Adamas you are Untouchable
you should listen do it so it was at this point in the
conversation the devil told me I need you to take my sweat and I said what am
I going to do with your sweat he said you're G to drink it I said what he said
yeah you're gonna drink it and when you drink it it will make
you can I say Chey will the Empire get us if I say horny is that a what's the
scient ific what's do somebody give me in the chat what's the sci aroused
maybe yeah um you know like the like
they used to say in 1850 the Randy and the wanton I need you to be wanting tonight
I need you to relax and unbutton and be wanting that's what I need okay so we
have our did did we get did we get Adam up there did we get a yeah good okay
that's our triangle and from that triangle dude to the miracle of
nature came twins having different
[Laughter] daddies all right okay do you see now
this is not un common this happens all the time right and everybody's talking
about it's special don't don't get me wrong it's a special thing but for the two to be born of the same womb who are
of different seed this is Bronze Age
pharmacology hyperovulation bruh yeah it's gorgeous they're doing it
you know they use fetal tissue too scrumptious the
dragon eats that that fetal
tissue the dragon eats that fetal tissue you thought these people were strange
and foreign to you as moderns okay well just just wait just wait Give me the
give me now that everybody's creeped out that's fantastic give me the text that we're going to start with I'm G to start
us off as a in a deep dark pit are you ready let me just translate this to you
and this is my message coming from James in the Bible this man quotes the Bible
he does it backwards though right read it sometimes backwards read
it sometimes trust me it all starts with the apocalypse are you ready come now
you rich bastards cry and weep mourn because you
have such garbage coming in your future you know what your wealth is done
it's rotted it's rotted all those things you value like
your clothes rotted your gold your
silver your cashola is all poisoned it's
poisoned it is a poison witness a poison witness and it eats
your flesh like fire and
you are storing up everything you can
for the end isn't that a gorgeous address you
know what they did with the man who said that they threw him right threw him to
his death yes they did it's never popular to
criticize those who are driven by
greed do you think they've UND yeah I know they know it's the it's a prison I know we told them we told them sh are
you ready are you ready oh okay give me that give me the next source as soon as you get through the Imaging the mental
Imaging I've only have a few slides tonight so um I wanted to give you something really you know kind of
personal give me the next one what happens what happens God we're
back in Genesis right we're going to read it backwards what did God do he plon man he plaen people he plon
the individual what did he do this is usually translated as create and that
from a third grade level works but I'm going to show you give me
the give me what what is plaso it's not the word for create that's poo
plaso this beautiful baby oh yeah oh yeah you modern Greeks you modern
graes they're always gonna say that Chey they're always gonna be like that I don't know why I don't know why
presumption give me the next text um here it is generally the mold form right
to mold or form by what education or training right what do you mold you mold
your soul how do you mold your soul it says in Greek down here you mold you
mold your soul with muo with
these strings of logo you mold your soul uhhuh uhhuh give
me the next one and um what kind of what kind of molding can
you do in the world people now we're going it's not that deep right look what we do plantes there on the end what is
it paired withes oh are you surprised and it's
referencing Plastering a noton and what is a noton that is the inner chamber it
can just be a temple in general but it's the inner chamber also it's the place
where the aolon is do you see they set up their
temples as if they were mental images and that interior spot is the
spot that holds your aolon your Adon um Gnostic andant is GNA bring us
some adola next week um he happens to be off um go ahead he happens to be off
doing things right now that Hercules is always going to be up to doing so hey
hey Gnostic how you doing I hope you at least broke two or three dishes where's
that other pick we got him we got him something somewhere give it to me give it to me by the way did anybody figure
out who's on the who's on the thumbnail tonight there he is all right Gnostic
fantastic put one back put one back okay don't drive be good just break plates um
tell them they're all cratons tell them all of them hi people you're all from crate you're all from
crate fantastic it's liberating to find things out like that about your past
give me the next one look this is the first um this is the first uh Deep dive
what happens God finished off the person right dust from the
earth he finished him off that Hoon what is that Hoon it's that stuff
that blows on the ground you can put it together with certain certain other things and make cement out of it you
know what I mean concrete right and and what happened um in a and what happened God
inured into the face of this
dude the breath of Zoe what was Adam's face
doing it was being inured it was
being filled with that
natural power of the breath of Zoey the
the breath of life right you can translate the breath of life but you have to remember that Eve is called
Zoe now do you see the party that we've come to right Cain and Abel they didn't look
anything like each other they didn't they didn't look they did not look anything like each other you know what I
mean um you don't have to sacrifice when you look like your dad you know what I
mean you know what I mean okay um let's not it's too hot the Mojo lower the Mojo
it's crazy give me the next one watch this people and the Lord God
now um this is translated part of this is look I'm giving you the Greek but I'm going to show you a couple of places
where the
he it is powerful the Mojo is too
powerful are we back chewy it's the Jammers they've got those Imperial Jammers Bro you've got to clear
those up okay and well look what the Lord God did now look here now I'm going
to introduce you to Lord God are you ready um this is not your fairy tale
this is not some bright light and this is not some entity pulsating invisible entity this is not no this is a dude in
a place where people acknowledge the existence of the
Gods I said that in the plural the existence of the
Gods human history is polytheism monism like Judaism
Christianity Islam those monest religions are
aberration of a polytheistic Cosmos yeah so what we're going to see
here in this verse is this Lord God who you think
is no dude it's a CIO you know how many Kuro there are in Antiquity there's a
whole bunch of them they're all over the place this is just a position you thought oh it's the Lord
from the void and the black speaks I
li right oh my god do you know why why because you have
been injected with philosophy and theology right up your you know
what you've been injected with it for a long time it's time to take that out
it's time to get rid of that sunk that stuff out just pull it
out get it out evacuate get some kind of instrument
what is he doing here oh that oh where is he with his lamp
oh God it's so ridiculous does anybody else see the
ridiculous nature of this picture this dude never ever ever ever
existed there is no text to support that dude
never sprinkle some kids around maybe a couple of teenagers make him touching
them and like a crowd in the background say hey stop touching those children and he's like then you'd be with the right
Jesus I don't know what that mess is look they all look like they have the plague that's what happens uh Neil's
gonna talk about that what happens when you suck the classic a well
dry what happens you get this look at this is this art even what is
that it's like everybody's dead I can't take it we got let's get
out of this sector quick let's go back to the text there's got to be something good in there at least something
something dirty or something something earthy you know what I mean don't be creepy about it and um what did he do
what did this individual do he put the man whom he had
educated into a paradise a uh a garden you can say Garden if you want to you
could say Garden into a paradise taste true face a paradise of
pleasure that's what the Greek says would you be surprised if I told you the Hebrew dropped this out completely show
me what the next slide is where did he put this dude he was educating him you knucklehead he was educating him and
what did he do he put him where in a place of luxuriousness a place of wantedness I told you you need to be
wanting tonight right you need to be wanting
do you see the anthropology that's behind the text do you see that's stuck in the language you can't get rid it's
like every once in a while you smell an ancient fart and you're like oh God I
know right like you could you could partake of that again it's not to say there's anything
bad about them the smellers give me the next one um here's the Hebrew just in
case if there's anybody now remember why would the Hebrew lie now look there's
nothing go ahead and search it
you it's Jehovah told was Jehovah here we are are you
ready calm down Yahoo look who's got Authority here Genesis 2:15 in the
Hebrew and look at it and see are you going to find any sort of Garden of pleasure there are you going to find any
wanting people there no okay then stop all the scholars pull back your pull
your pants back up okay guard yourselves this is supposed to be the
Hebrew that was the original that the Greek was translated from and you're
telling me the Greek dudes or the rabbis they
said it was 70 rabbis who did this right um that they they all got the same words
and I don't worry they were in different cells it was all hoo-ha booha religious
ceremony and what happens you know that's the story none of us buy that right the Romans are standing around
look at I'm like oh I I got to go somewhere you going to hurry this thing up so they that's what the we're
supposed to believe if this Hebrew was the original what did the Greek dude or
the the translator do what did he do to just pull something out of thin air do
you know that's not common to just pull Concepts out of thin air when you're
translating you you have to have some basis you have to have some rational
basis for making a word what it is dropping it now if this is a Greek
translation of the Hebrew then the translation is in error because that's
not in the Hebrew and here's the rational conundrum that kills second century
Judaism yeah the religion this is a religion killer are you hearing what I'm saying
it's an antichrist it's a it's an antidote it's an antidote this text is
supposed to be originally Hebrew but the Greek translation
supposed hasn't a word there that's not there's not even a whiff of it in the in
the text it's an invented it's just a pop just pop it in there just yeah
totally falsify it right um so you tell me you tell me is this that or or is
this the case that the Greek is the original that the original makes sense the way it does and is beautifully
fluently Greek ancient Greek it's gorgeous um and that the
Hebrew translators were sitting around saying oh my God how are we going to
translate this how are we going to translate this they only have 7,000 words people they got barely enough for
breakfast right now you confront what's odd is you
confront you confront biblical Scholars about that and they just be goes and if
they have to answer something for it they'll make something crazy up they'll
make something crazy up no vows man language was no
vows did I fool you yeah the devil fooled me the devil fooled me I drank
the stuff next thing you know I got twins Give me the give me the
next passage we got to show people what's going on at this at this mystery party right remember we're invisible so
it doesn't matter you can't see stuff and touch stuff without you know and heard it uh look at verse
16 the this cuos commanded Adam he told
him he said look in this place you can take of all all the trees you want
except for the one that is the tree that brings the knowing the knowing what the
knowing what is kalon and Pon that which is beautiful good and
that which is not beautiful or good right and he says look and when you eat
from it when you partake in it what's going to happen to you you're G to die
by means of death and you think well that sounds like a weird way that sounds
like a weird way is it a natural to die of death is there any other way that you're going to be dying of
death if you take this it will kill you it is a death
inducer what did the devil tell Eve right he said that Jack is a liar
that cuos is lying and remember remember he's still the best looking he's best
looking around period period his job there is to guard the
tree is to guard the tree huh okay you is there anything in that
tree is there anything in that tree would anybody be surprised if there was
an association between that skin of the Lamb that Ram skin that Lamb of God that
lamb skin of God would anybody be surprised of course no at this point you
wouldn't what is going on the dudes in the thir Century who wrote and people
I'm GNA tell you this and I don't care if it takes you 20 years to prove this
right the the Book of Genesis that we're reading from was written by the same
dude that wrote Isaiah
job and um the other
one Psalms Psalms and you say oh Preposterous okay line up your Dan
DuckTales Dan line them up are you ready are you ready for a linguistic
analysis to show you that this thing is a forged history it's a forged history
written in the 3 century and they are using the Greek is
a base it's originally in Greek they're using the Greek culture to mount their
mystery to mount their monism yeah fantastic it's almost like a
parasite monest religions and when I say monest for the people who um maybe just
join a monest religion is one that worships a single Divinity to the exclusion of all
others to the exclusion of all others monism is like a
virus and you can see it from as ancient Egypt you know all the way up to
2024 you can see the virus and how it works to pull down the systems of
Justice that polytheism naturally tends
toward yeah you mean in polytheism there is a natural Justice yes in polytheism
there is a nature to watch and there is a nature from which you can gain Insight
you can watch a mother give birth and what does that teach you from nature bonehead that's not a that's not a faith
it's not a Creed and it's not something you can you can get from a seminarian or
a teacher or somebody on YouTube when you worship that nature
this is what you get you get that paradise you get that paradise and
that's what they're building here this curios this Lord right just happens to
be the one who is taking Adam and finishing his education
by bringing him through this ride he pulled her from his side now if you're
sitting around oh and you've never seen that expression used anywhere else I'll tell you right now as a
classicist um um Jesus is doing the same thing when he goes up and
masturbates and then offers it to Mary for lunch in the in the woods in his
private place yeah yeah same concept it's a cult right
right it's a cult right so remember we're at this party and we've got Adam and Eve and Lucifer Adam and Eve and
Lucifer give me the next one give me the next one okay what's GNA happen are you ready for the cult you thought this
stuff was fairy tale didn't you no um what did the cuos do he brought about or
he made a boon for his Adam
what is a boon a boon is
somebody who rides next to you in
battle a boon or Boos in the nominative that is a person who comes up
with a shield on Your Flank that is
what he was getting now where is he going to get one of these that he can
take from the side of the Adamas the one who is made
Invincible right it's like you know you you come of age and your daddy takes you out and you do some things and this
Daddy went out and he said hey we've got to get the Amazonian woman right to help
us with this one right we've got to get now you're sitting think I thought this
was all about in the beginning and Boop was the earth and Boop there the fish
Boop okay there is a sophistication please
remember that you are reading Greek and there is a sophistication to it that you
cannot approximate without the original you're talking about you're getting the
third grade you're getting the third grade reading of it
okay and what the Greek is is the Greek is the adult version so it's Gonna Hurt
it's gonna oh I'm sore right yeah it's G to make you stretch so let's stay let's
stay with them right now Adam and Eve and Lucifer give me the next one what
are what are we going to do at this party where this boy is getting his finishing he's getting his finishing um
yeah this was the problem I just put this up the problem was they could couldn't get
one right they couldn't get a Boos they couldn't get this Amazonian woman this
AA right they couldn't get her that's what they're waiting for that's what
they're moving through the creation for is this aa oh nice it's a interesting
picture of what the person who's writing this in the thir century is using as
their historical models it's gorgeous it's absolutely gorgeous now watch this it's going to betray she's going to show
she's Amazonian she's gonna show her syian roots in just a second if people
didn't know that Eve was cyan and they actually called her scua um here you go
here you go um she's gorgeous man it's we just have to we just have to show
people right where's the third guy bringing the third guy in there he's in there somewhere I don't know who was who
was on that cover I'm not sure oh um so let's get back to the right and we're
we're what's the first thing that happens give me the text give me the
text the first thing that happens before any of this has come to pass before this
right right we're sitting here now watching it boom boom boom and we've got Eve we've got Adam we've got the devil
boom boom boom and I swear to you I put that poison Sweat Right In Her Cup right
you know what I mean that was what I was supposed to do right so here we are at that party boom boom boom what happened
before this I hate when movies do this but I'm gonna do this because I'm moving
backwards what happened before this before this God stoned
Adam what do you mean he stoned him he stoned him he blitzed him he took him and scrambled his brain he threw him
into ecas he threw him into ecstasy and Adam went into this
stuper ecas what kind is that where we get our word ecstasy it sure is it sure
is that's okay keep going it's where we get our word ecstasy now what do you think do you
think that there's a Hebrew word for ecstasy no it turns out there isn't all
the Hebrew says is it put him to sleep you can see they were like okay these weren't dummies these people who are
writing the they were just bad translator well you can't even say they were bad translators they were working
with 7,000 words if you only had 7,000 words and that's what the average
vocabulary of I think it was seveny old if that's
vocabulary um you're not going to have words in it like ecstasy I appreciate that so what do the people do they just
went oh okay here there's no Hebrew word for ecstasy so instead of that we'll put
the word sleep and that's what they did they put the word sleep and your
translations into English will reflect that
lie that lie there was no ecstasy what are you talking about they just put him to sleep they just put him to sleep
do you see how that obscures the reality because if they've got exstasy going on
they've got some kind of ritual some kind of drug to induce the Ecstasy oh
God and there's a billion we could choose from right so especially if our
dude who's writing this is living in the third century and he's got all the Mysteries
to choose from goody good good oh God it's gorgeous people who didn't
realize now some people some people didn't realize that
Judaism is a creation of the third second you know I would say you have to include the
third right but um second first centuries BC it really gets going first
century second century that monism of Judaism Jews were not originally monis
yeah it turns out they're all from CR yeah or at least that's one of the places that they migrated from over to
what you and I call Palestine or Israel right yeah that's not it's not like an
amazement to them in Antiquity right so that by the time this document is being written you've got to
realize there is no Moses right he's a fiction Moses is a
fiction not only that but it's a bad bad it's a bad use of you know I don't know
maybe they ran out of they ran out of pizza that night or something in Alexandria right they ran out they
crashed and they just couldn't come up so they were just like oh just take just take museus right he did the same thing
just make him Moses just write him in it's like maybe there were a group maybe it was a group of writers and maybe
these writers were not so good right these are not if you put Genesis the the
Book of Genesis next to Homer Homer Will Make You Weep I have
seen people weep publicly right like a really good movie
reading Homer the differences in the um the
differences in the style are laughably you know
from again people it's third grade stuff it's third great seven don't blame just
this just this attempt you know it's really an insult the creation of the
Torah was an insult to Judaism because they already had the Greek which had
much more beautiful detail it was very heady Judaism was born in
Alexandria it didn't come out of Egypt it didn't come out of
Syria it didn't come out out of Palestine
no no uh no it was born from
Alexandria by people who had been speaking Greek for a long time by people
who had a lurgical language for which we have nothing left over nothing
everything Hebrew scholarship ancient Hebrew scholarship is based on is based
on a Greek text yeah so we have to look at the reality
of what's going on so we're at the Garden back to the Garden what did we do beforehand we got drugs right we got
booted into ecstasy right why is God putting Adam
into ecstasy because he's about to pull Eve
from his side now do you remember I'm going to show you the Lord do you
remember what happened oh God who's that who's standing with you oh God now stop I'm so
afraid oh God help me right I am the Lord can you see my form can you see my
form yeah I will give you the thos seimon says Jesus and it won't it won't
kill you it won't kill you I am the Christ do you know what God glories in
God glories in the Christ yeah yeah fantastic let's give me
the give me the next one oh it's gonna get okay I'm gonna take a little bit
dive a little bit dive into a little bit um the dragon what do dragons do in
Antiquity by the way by the way I'm sorry for those of you who are out there and thinking this dragon has scales and
you know flies through the air and stuff like that you're wrong I'm sorry it's just a dude it's just a dude but it's a
crazy dude and this dude sees visions and stuff like that and um he has one
task to guard this tree that's it nobody
can get close to the tree you can't get a you can't even get soldiers in there to surround them and get to the tree the
way the Grove is it's a Grove of Aries it's a Grove of Aries child of
Hera she who nourishes the soul okay so you can't even get in there
this dude is crazy and he's got poisons and he'll paralyze you right away no questions
asked right okay fantastic um this is the kind of woman that we're trying to
find we're trying to get you and me and Yahoo we're all trying to find this
Amazonian woman we're going to pull her out of Adam we're going to pull
her out of Adam are you ready how are we going to do that you'll
see you'll see so what does the serpent say he says to the woman not with death
you're not going to die with death right because God knows keep going
what does this cuos know he knows in the day you eat from it your eyes are going
to to be open and you are going to be Hosto you're going to be like Gods now
you say to yourself wait a minute the Bible acknowledges the existence of gods
yes why is that kitties it's because it's written in a time when the people
acknowledged the existence of many gods and here is God and the devil and
Eve in a little struggle about who's saying what's what the devil
says look you're going to you're not going to die right I'll give you the thimone did
you realize the Devil is a Christ did you realize that
right I will give you the death inducer and it won't kill
you okay right he just doesn't want
you to see the world like he does
that's okay that's okay we're back right so here is the
devil right proving proving that God is a
liar just like the people who took the Greek and created a fake Hebrew from a
dead language that only had 7,000 words that is a Lie the devil from the
very beginning has been one who has towed the
line when it came to that lie don't lie right don't lie
this is the devil's Kingdom right he knows he knows fantastic beautiful
portrait right beautiful portrait the Bible disproving itself the Torah disproving itself because if the Torah
is the original and it doesn't have a completed set of words it doesn't have
the concepts that are on the Greek
side yeah yeah what are you going to do it was wasn't good enough did you know the
text itself acknowledges and the person who's speaking is God this is in I think
it's either Isaiah or Ezekiel I'm pretty sure it's Isaiah he says look I'm not GNA send you to a bunch of people of an
advanced language I'm going to send you to the people of
Israel right so the text itself
acknowledges the weakness of Hebrew right and not not to mention it
sounds like an insult from somebody in the third Century whose Greek was strong
and they were on the side of prog Greek right people think that Judaism was a reaction you know the the helenistic uh
Rebellion against the Greek was you know that was what was Jewish no there were
lots of Jews who were plenty happy to be stuck with he with Greek and with that
old dead language being just a part we didn't even put that in our synagogues people I talked to bring him up one more
time I talked to Gnostic today and he reminded me he reminded me he said you
know um is Jezreel the Jezreel Valley has that kabut there with the vineyard
hey hey buddy the jez we'll pretend he's here we'll Pretend We're pretending
Gnostic is here hey hey gnostic
um we were talking about the Jaz real Valley I just wanted to tell the satanic congregation we were talking about this
jez real Valley and I live there I happen to live there and um I used to ride horses all over the place I was
that guy and um I loved it absolutely loved it um but wait what why did I even
start here look what you did Neil look what you did you knocked it right out of my brain it'll come back to me come back
to me stop quick chewy divert him get him to the next get him to the next slide Don't Run Away people how
unprofessional I don't understand how this person operates give me the next one here we go are you ready people
What's it gonna happen um and I yeah yeah um and the woman okay here's
Eve what did she see she saw that this tree was good for the sake of consumption right this looks like
something good right it's you know look good to her eyes right it's useful right
it's this Fruity Fruity fruit thing right it's Orion do you see that word
Orion that's fruity that's fruity like coming Pop there's a fruit oh it's
gorgeous right um that's how it's described so she took it she took it and
she ate it you know because he told her you're not going to die you're not going to die and what happened now
remember um something that is is kicking in is analogia analogia you're going to sense
a strain of oracular writings here the
author of this work of Genesis who is undoubtedly same dude that wrote Isaiah
definitely right um this dude is now creating a world that reflects the
things that are going on around it right and
um uh what are they doing in the Mysteries they're using a Vox they're
using a voice so you're going to have to look for that voice here and it shows up it
shows up all over the place right and shows up here she ate of that thing
right and she gave it to him and he ate of it do you understand eat them My
Flesh drink of my blood right um they are entering these ecstatic States
through these processes that involve the Botanicals that involve all sorts of
compounds and so here we are we finally have this woman here and now we have a
choice we have a choice between this glorious Amazonian Queen and you're
going to know she's an Amazonian because I'm going to show you God reveals it he lets it slip she's an Amazonian give me
the next one give me the next
one are we okay little interference there what is the tree that's the I
think we skipped over one but that's okay I can go from here what is the tree what is it doing by the way for those of
you who are just like wait a minute he's just talk he just talking about drugs right Christ Christ is a drug term but
yeah yeah I am talking drugs and what is it that that tree did the one that God said don't eat it'll kill you right
which he didn't really say right he said it'll put it'll kill
you via thos yeah right devil said no what is
that tree do that he told you not to partake of it's the tree that causes you to have
K noo to be to exercise it's a verb to exercise K
noo yeah what is that Che give me that tell me what k no
is to be in one's right mind or to be in
one's senses do you know what that thing will do it'll reset
you and you will know know you will
know yeah that's what it's all about that tree and the access to that tree is
what creates the Adas this is all cult mystery cult and it makes perfect sense
that it's being created in the third Century there is no Moses Judaism is a Greek
invention yeah not a modern Greek invention because the language has deteriorated to
such an extent but the ancient Greeks yeah like plethon let's bring it
back let's bring it back give me the next one um this is I just wanted to show you this is the uh now how do you
translate that into Hebrew you can't really right you have to just G get some
generalized word like knowledge right knowledge knowing under premeditation
look how that's kind of shotgun down there with skill and Truth seriously right well they have to do that with the
ancient Hebrew a lot sometimes you know one of these Hebrew words is not right
it can't be what they're talking about because you read two books earlier that it was something
else right and they do Unfortunately they do this and that this is one of those occasions for them to do it you
can't say ecstasy so you say sleep you can't say aate of mental
soundness a state of mental health you have to say
knowledge right this is not about knowledge this is about a right and
these three people who are going through it yeah and AOS who's going to get mad
and is going to reveal his own hand by showing the Amazonian who is Eve give me
the next one let's let's get to it we only have a couple more and
what's going to happen and your eyes right the eyes so he said um this that's what they said was going to happen they
ended up eating it and what happens their eyes were opened I just wanted to show you that he wasn't lying the devil
was right God was lying and what happened they understood that they were
naked they understood that
nakedness yeah yeah
yeah they got nosis they received that nosis and you
know what that means H they are they become as Gods
yeah yeah wow it actually worked out like the devil did and they're sitting
there naked and what's going to happen give me the next
one they heard they heard the voice of the kuio he's walking around in the paradise
right it's about midday right so Adam and his wife they hide themselves they
hide themselves from his gaze right why in in the middle of that place in
Paradise why did they do that why do they hide themselves the dude is walking
around this what the text very carefully expresses the dude this cios was never
meant to be magic invisible h-a God this is a cuos and he's walking around the
garden saying where the hell are you guys and they are naked and why do you think they're trying to
hide why do you think they're trying to hide where do they go they go right back to it where the devil is right they go
right back to the tree where they all got High where the devil is and what
happens what happens to these to these underlings of the coros watch this is
good goe this good helenistic um Adam says to God he says um hey I
heard your voice walking around paradise and I hid myself because I'm naked
bro right because he's naked what do you do when you're
around that tree that tree that causes you to come
to that place of complete and total health it involves getting
naked and children it involves getting naked and
children think of this cult think of this cult getting
naked and children producing them producing
them yeah yeah and an Amazonian woman are you ready let's see let's see her
give me that and uh what is what does the what does
Eve say right well first Adam says hey you know you you gave her you know you
gave her over to this whole situation right right and so she took the tree she
gave it to me and and I I ate it right and so CIO says to the woman what' you
do what' you do and the woman says the serpent that serpent he Bamboozled me he
Bamboozled me he fooled me he fooled
me it was a sweat we know in the apocryphal works it was the sweat of the
devil that did the bamboozling he Bamboozled me she said he
gave it to me and I ate I ate right ah keep going what does the Lord say
what does the Lord say oh whoops there we go next one and what is the what does
the Lord say he says um to the serpent turns you know he turns to devil and he says um because you did
this you're cursed right now wait a minute do you
mean the Lord Yahoo himself who shows Moses is
behind Yahoo himself all speaking from the bush
ah you know Yahoo himself is
cursing yeah why because it's the third Century people and curses are the big
thing right that's helenistic magic baby that's helenistic magic and God is using
it this is the same God this is y this is the same God who brings together male
lovers if you are a man and you are interested in another man you can ask
Jehovah yahu Hashem and he will get you that
love do you understand yes they were worshiping by
another name the devil [Music]
AOS AOS I showed you the passage last week you cannot magically control
AOS he has everything do you see it did you know
that Jehovah did you know that Jehovah sprang the worship of Jehovah sprang
from people performing magic with a God that perform Magic by drawing from the
side of the adamant the AA yeah it's kind of it's kind of
interesting when you actually look at the and see what they're doing okay we' got a couple more bring me the next one
bring me did I finish that last one and I will oh here no I didn't give me that I don't think I finished it yeah so
you're cursed you're cursed right and what else does he say I thought he's gonna say You're Gonna Go on your belly
right you're gonna eat that dirt right all the days of your life right you're gonna you're going to end up in
that thian or r ular Earth cast down from
uranos right he's letting them know you can see the drug knowledge on both sides
you can see how the drug cult is being used it's it's it's its own language and
I think that's why they're saying um dragon is their spoken tongue right
they're speaking Dragon for you and I watching this we'd be like huh huh right
we haven't been initiated when they initiate you you can open up and you can start perceiving and understanding the
way they are talking very much Anthony Buress S I love it hey the dude who's
working on who did the dissertation on clock work orange that's fantastic I love that I absolutely love that okay
right right let's do it hit the syn the Mas give it to me um what does he say
oh now he turns to the woman turns to Eve and he says to Eve are you ready you
didn't know what he said do you see on the third line what the third word is
spats I knew it I knew if we were going to be involved in some kind of cult
mystery I knew that we're g to be doing with dealing with Sperma
Sperma what do he say I'm gonna put I bet we talk about drugs too I'm gonna
put this this fighting Spirit right between you
and the woman I'm G to put this fighting Spirit you remember she ended up with Adam
right and they had twins and they were nothing alike and one killed the other one um
yeah yeah hyperovulation BR right seriously it's the poisons no I'm
serious they talk about it no okay I don't care read Sor anus
okay and what's going to happen I'm he says I'm going to put this division
between your seed and his
seed yeah do you see what happened with the Amazonian woman that's not her
identity yet it's coming up give me the next one what else is he gonna do what else is he gonna do oh and this is just
some insufficiency oh yeah this is what Eve is in Hebrew she's a
helper right again do you hear the third grade right this is not the warrior this
is not the huntress because all of these cult drugs are being used and developed
by these hunting Cults this is not their God this is not their AA right that you
and I have in our mind the helper oh I'm gonna be a
helper give me the next one give me the next one no sh uh what what does he say
to the woman he says to the woman look here's what I'm going to do to you okay here's God's punishment are you ready he
says to the woman I'm going and by the way listen to the Greek PlayOn pleo
right it's a repetition there that's native to the Greek um he's pulling that out of his backside if this is coming
from the Hebrew um this is very much and they love doing this right this repetition is extremely common it's us
usually with a verb and then a nominal form with using the same root yeah good
anyway um and what happens he's gonna make your pain he's gonna make Eve's
pain and groaning in her childbirth he's gonna make her have pain in childbirth
wait a minute you mean God threatened Eve with painful childbirth as a
punishment punishment how are they not having
painful childbirth in Antiquity in the Bronze Age how are they not having painful
they're not having painful childbirth because of the EOS because of that poison that they're
using on their arrows EOS Arrow EOS poison
EOS snake venom they're using those medicines to
cause a painless birth a painless birth and what is the
cio's punishment this is the Jewish god what is the Jewish God's punishment what
is the monest God's punishment to take away the
drugs you're gonna have Painful child birth he's going to kick her out of the
innermost circles where they use the these
drugs yeah she's not going to be a part of it that's what she suffered that's what she suffered I bet she was like
skip you skip you bro I got things to do on my
horse fantastic um give me one more time what
is the proof here what is the proof here people I want you to see that the
punishment can only be a part of the culture it can only be a
part of the culture these images that we're getting and these extremes um these things that are
happening that that are leaving us these Vivid Vivid like with Jesus masturbating
and then you know eating it those mental images are
anthropological radiation right right somebody at the time is talking about that
activity that activity yeah is it historical it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter look what it is pointing to it's pointing to somebody masturbating in a
public in a sorry he's off in the woods at that point I'm sorry I get all I get all of his meeting places where he meets
with kids Jesus Christ can you please get your meeting get your spots all
square no get your places he takes the children
there he takes Mary there right give me the next one we've got to give we're
we're this is the last people I know it's coming uh let's skip that we're gonna keep going boom yeah uh here go to
there boom I want you guys to see this right I want you to see the Ecstasy one more time on in verse 21
easy easy please um and tell me what ecstasy is tell me what ecstasy is Boom
look at this people displacement that's literally what it is that's like the most literal you can be
with it displacement what kind of displacement look at number two under
Roman numeral number two distraction of mind right from Terror astonishment
anger right and then we get the word entrancement you know how you these oh
put a spell on me somebody put a spell on me this is what they're talking about they're talking about putting you into
ecstasy and I know you're thinking spell is in Disney
no no I'm talking about the power to affect your cognitive processes the
power to put you into different Altered States the cuos who takes away the was
drugs he is giving this to people you
didn't know that God stoned Adam you didn't know that God gave him a one-way
ticket to Crazy Phil did you and he ends up he ends up the one that he ended he
didn't want him to take that one because he knew they're going to end up you know there's music their people are naked
right the devil's like okay tell Kane I'll see him later right give me give me
the next one okay I'm going to give you one more because this is uh I want you to see the reality yeah go ahead um
we're gonna skip that Hebrew look there's a lot of Hebrew that drops out it's it's like you know you see what I'm
doing you're taking it from a graduate level down to like a third grade level and when you're making that transition
from Greek to Hebrew right it's just the mechanics of only having 7,000 words to
work with that's all I wanted to leave you with this
verse the Lord watered us with the spirit of
katanos what a spirit of what a spirit of what the spirit of konus what is
konus it's a spirit of stupefaction people I can take you all
over the Bible I can take you all over your Torah I can take you all over your
Minor Prophets I can take you all over the Psalms I can show you the
intoxicating power of God I can show you
how this was in the minds of the people that made your Moses and your
Jesus right when Jesus is going around doing the stuff that he's doing where do you think he's getting all of these
ideas he goes down to Alexandria he goes down to Egypt and he comes back and all the
rabbis are like oh isn't that guy smart smarty smart smart pants why because you've got no
educational institutions you got nothing Judea is an
armpit check it check out the archaeology it's an armpit it's a place it's a place on the
road you know what I mean you're on the interstate that's all and it's
you know it's not a big deal the Romans hated it they had to come in and build toilets so people would
poop without tromping around in it seriously do you think that the language
that is developed in this place they're still stoning each other
publicly right what do you think the Roman Governor thought of this it's Barbarian dude what are they doing do
you think that their language do you think that the language that produced this Society archaeologically
what do you think of it are they going to be leaving a lot of stuff in the dirt the Scrolls and what nope they aren't
they found one pot a couple of pots in one cave kumran and they thought oh my God
we have a literate Society no man there is no Hebrew it's
only for the freaks the monest freaks the rest of the Jewish world is speaking
Greek and reading Greek works and getting oh so high on those lovely
lovely lovely Greek Tunes they're doing it why because the
history of your Cosmos is a history of mother
Greek it gets my goat when people step forward and
deceive and deceive and tell you this goes back to the
Hebrew no it doesn't the word Messiah is never there it's never there it's Christ
you keep translating as Messiah because people through history
bombarded bombarded governments and created their own
legitimacy but the language in these texts they never stop they're always
going to be there and it gets my goat Penelope it gets her when you don't
follow the cross to its end when you can only
appreciate the cross without the sin that is behind it yeah there's a problem
there's a problem thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming tonight um
I will report back to the devil and tell him I told him we'll see we'll see what
happens but for some reason the dude is obsessed with the Garden of Eden thing
totally obsessed with it as if it is itself the performance of a
mystery they said that pan was dead
perhaps he can come back perhaps there is the eighth man perhaps yes thank you for coming
tonight I want you to continue continue to absorb and hold these texts there is
coming a day and I am just excited by people coming in and just having hunger
for the Greek people are so hungry for these ideas these amazing ideas that
cause your brain to have to have to sprout right it's it's gorgeous it's
absolutely gorgeous and that so many people are hungry for it that we've crashed the textbook industry on
intensive Greek I think that's fantastic for everyone who's writing and sending
Art thank you that's absolutely fantastic I love it I love it there we
need exhibitions we need a return and just taking hold of these texts will do
it it will keep us immune from the people who are coming to us saying you have to learn the Bible thank you for
coming tonight it's my privilege and my honor to teach you next week on Friday
we'll be back with Gnostic informant and he will be here as my subject of an
interview fantastic I love it thank you for coming tonight Hil
Satan on the triple beam 1 2 one2 seashells by the ton Athena's love
rubber dub dub I'm flipping tables cashing checks take it to the bank at
the gates of Babylon The Wolf Man regulates Avalon Avalon lady media lapis
lazuli lines the walls The Muse sings with me extra illumination for the
vibration I have under me the knowledge of our Genesis Crystal Tower was The
Punisher Frank Castle Purple Rain for the Muse I sing her favorite song All
Night Long no stems no seeds that you don't need got a bag of goodies ice
creamy cream Hil Satan close My Eyes
Forever coming through In Waves powerhouse on the Hill House of
Frankenstein Darkness through dreams I Dream of Genie hot Purple Med she work
C High purple high purple high
purple you work you high purple high
purple high purple D you work you high
purple high purple high purple this you work you high
purple high purple hple baby
[Music]